DOCS-2541: Move component APIs (#3504)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/apis/components/input-controller.md

---
title: "Input controller API"
linkTitle: "Input Controller"
titleMustBeLong: true
weight: 20
type: "docs"

> description: "The input controller API allows you to give commands to your input controller components with code instead of with the graphical interface of the Viam app"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Commands for configuring callbacks for events, allowing you to configure input devices to control your machines."
```
This "configure" word is confusing though (pulled from line 12)--how does this relate to what we usually call the config?

> description: "The input controller API allows you to give commands to your input controller components with code instead of with the graphical interface of the Viam app"

Author: Literally nothing to do with a machine config. 
```suggestion
description: "Give commands to register callbacks for events, allowing you to use input devices to control your machines."
```
